I want to die anyway.
We die together.
The martial arts world will die with me.
Worth it.
I cannot die.
I am not the leader yet.
Do it again next life.
Pham Hien, what's wrong with you?
I have nothing.
Let's go.
Come on, we'll get married when we get home.
I'm not dead.
Pham Hien, don't.
Don't do that.
Their deaths have nothing to do with you.
And your immortality will now never be complete.
If you share your life with others, you will not live.
For whatever reason.
They died for me.
Revenge.
It is also necessary to let go of some resentment.
When to report injustice?
Sister Chu, please stop this backlash.
If he saves people like that, he won't live long.
I don't want you to die.
If you die, I will die with you.
Actually I understand.
Immortality is not important.
It matters who you spend time with.
If the future days don't have you coming
I can't accept.
So we can practice together.
The feeling of immortality increases over time
Will take away the seven emotions and six desires of man.
This is what I felt after finishing the practice except for the sixth level.
So...
No more practice.
It was his choice.
Just let him do it.